---
layout: post
title: Biography Pages
published: true
status: publish
categories: []
tags:
- Bios
author:
  display_name: Digital Scholars
---

*2018-2019 Cohort*

My name is Chris Padilla, I am a junior computer science and philosophy double major from the Boston area.
I am excited to be working as the ethics intern for this year’s cohort.
I look forward to learning about the technological aspects of digital scholarship and accessibility on campus,
and applying my problem solving skills to new domains such as project management and data analysis. (2018-2019)


Hi! My name is Chris Tordi, a senior computer science major interested in full-stack development with an emphasis
on user experience. As the Accessibility Intern on the team I will be working with front-end and back-end development
interns as well as the digital ethics intern to promote good accessible design principles in our projects. (2018-2019)


Hi! My name is Alec Wang. I am a prospective math major with a major interest in computer science.
I’m thrilled to continue being part of the digital scholarship internship program for another year
as the back-end web developer on the team. I'm looking to make good use of my experience from last year
by applying it to new plugin development projects. Digital humanities excites me because we can take large
quantities of data already at our disposal and draw fascinating conclusions from it. (2018-2019)


My name is Steph Herbers and I am a Computer Science major in the class of 2020.
I am excited to join the team as the Front-End Web Developer and share my passion for learning new technologies
and methods for web design! Beyond my interest in technology, I enjoy learning more about other departments,
and I am especially interested in learning more about digital scholarship. (2018-2019)


*2017-18 Cohort*
Hi! I’m Alec Wang and I’m thrilled to be part of the digital scholarship internship program as a back end web developer.
After rediscovering how fun programming can be last term, I’m looking to gain experience in web development and additional
coding languages. Furthermore, I’m also excited to be part of a group project, learn about digital scholarship and develop
professional skills in areas such as project management, self-scheduling and teamwork. (2017-18)


Hello, I am Tenzin Dophen.I am a junior Computer Science major. I will be working as a front end developer for the internship.
I am excited to learn the ways to view Digital Scholarship projects critically and be able to design such projects on the web.
Designing my own work time and adding checklists improves my organization and time management skills.
The readings and website editing tools also inspires me to be more creative and build new things.
I am ready to learn new skills to enhance my interest in web designing. (2017-18)


My name is Bea Crow, and I'm excited to be a digital scholarship intern, dealing with the ethics of digital scholarship.
I am a prospective art history and CAMS double major, so I am a little new to the more technological side of the projects,
but I'm very excited to learn. Similarly to Tenzin, I'm excited to create my own schedule and work through problems both
with the support of the Digital Humanities staff and on my own,
developing self-sufficiency in a professional dimension. (2017-2018)


Hi! I'm Miaoye Que, a junior Computer Science major/Spanish minor interested in creating enjoyable user experience
and promoting inclusive design principles. As the accessibility intern on the team, I will be responsible for ensuring
that everyone can perceive, understand, navigate and interact with our Digital Scholarship projects. (2017-2018)

*Mentors*

Austin Mason

Celeste Sharpe

Sarah Calhoun
